(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Ah, summer
has come again this year.
Ah, summer has come again this year.
I want to drink in Okinawa.
Thank you for your time.
Please come again.
On a precious day like this, I have
to spend 20,000 yen in 5 hours.
What does it mean to have one cup
noodle?
I have to pay for it.
Damn it.
Noah!
This guy is really good at acting.
You dropped something.
Thank you for your hard work.
What is it?
You don't need it, do you?
I'll deliver the lost item to the
police.
This is a piece of common sense.
If you come to the police station later,
I'll give you a piece of noodles
as a reward.
I don't need it.
That was close.
It's a survival before the payday.
Even one cup noodle is a valuable food.
That's a miss, too.
That was close.
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm looking for a lottery winne
r.
The four of us bought 40 tickets.
You're doing something stupid while you're
on duty.
Why don't you talk to the world
leaders sometimes?
Like the Japanese soldiers of Borokus and
Hesonogoma.
Borokus and Hesonogoma?
Chief, don't you know?
It's a division of labor.
If you say that, you'll lose to
the boss.
What?
There's no reason for you, who always
looks down on gambling, to be criticized.
The lottery is not gambling.
What is gambling?
It's your own power.
You have to win with your own power.
That's gambling.
That's a strange persuasion.
You're too naive to bet money on
such a thing.
If you want to make money, you need
time and money.
Let's leave him alone and look into
it.
That's right.
There are four tickets left.
Oh, this is...
You're wrong.
Your idea is wrong.
Work according to your expectations.
Ignore, ignore.
It's all out.
Of course.
There's no one like you.
The goddess of good luck smiles.
That's right.
The same lottery ticket from last year may
have been left.
Why don't you look into it?
There should be a lottery number for each
year in this book.
That's right.
Oh, there was one.
In the first place, I don't like
lottery tickets because the winner hides it.
Oh, no one, no two, no three.
What do you think?
Three...
Three million yen.
You're right.
Come to think of it, in Japan, we
don't announce the winner in front of
the media That's the bad thing about
Japanese people.
Right, chief?
It's not good to be silent when
you're right.
That's...
That's right.
If you go there, it's good to
be a pachinko player or
a horse rider.
It's good to be a pach
inko player.
Whether you win or lose, your emotions will
show up honestly.
Pyo-chan, you lost to a
pachinko today, didn't you?
Shut up!
It's all about luck.
Chief!
How was the lottery?
Oh, that...
I lost.
That's enough about the lottery.
Let's talk about Bosnia and Herz
egovina.
Chief, are you hiding something?
No, I'm not.
You're not?
What is it?
Oh, I see.
The winner's behavior pattern is...
First, as soon as he gets it, he
suddenly becomes silent, and becomes kind.
Second, he changes the subject and stops talking
about the lottery.
Chief, please show me the lottery.
You lost!
If I lost, can I see it?
No, you can't!
You can't!
Hey!
That's rude!
You're making me even more suspicious!
I'm not making you suspicious!
I said I lost, so I lost!
He said it, so there's no doubt
about it!
I think you're still suspicious.
Huh?
Oh, no.
Then, please tear the lottery.
What?
You lost, didn't you?
Do you want me to tear it for
you?
No, I'm collecting lottery tickets.
When did you start doing that?
Your eyes are full of lies!
Show me!
What are you doing?
Hey!
Hey, hey!
I'm going to tear it!
Let go of me!
Ryo-chan, are you okay?
Senpai!
What you just did wasn't worth 100,
000 or 200,000 yen.
It was worth a lot of money!
I read it again!
Give me that book!
Yes, sir.
Which one did you buy?
Well, it's the same as this year
's, so...
Oh, this one!
All right!
I'll read the prize money from the
bottom.
Okay.
5,500,000 yen.
No.
4,000,000 yen.
Huh?
That's not it either.
Next!
3,300,000 yen.
I got it!
It's the 3,000,000 yen prize
money!
N-No!
I'm going to show my face It
's definitely 3,000,000 yen!
No!
It can't be!
It's hard to check the prize money
at the bank these days.
The prize money is due today, so I
have to go get it today or I
'll be in trouble.
Boss, let's go get a drink today.
Until midnight.
I'm sorry.
I actually won 3,000,000 yen.
You did it, boss!
But, I didn't do anything wrong, so
there's nothing to hide.
That's true, but...
You have a bad habit of not showing
your face Seriously.
You should show your joy in your body
like a foreigner.
Like this.
I won the lottery!
I'm so happy!
I'm going to win!
I'm going to win the lottery!
Like this.
I want you to express your joy like
this.
Do you understand?
I don't know any foreigners like that.
Let's call the police and tell everyone.
How much is it?
Maybe you found out because you happened to
look it up.
It's the same as golf.
It's common sense to have a party
and celebrate with everyone.
But...
Or...
Did you plan to keep the 3 million
yen to yourself?
No, I didn't.
Then, leave it to me.
This is Ryotsu from the
Hachisho in front of the
park.
I'm holding a party for 200 people
tonight.
Please prepare a special shabu-
shabu.
Shabu-shabu?
Hey!
I'll go to the library and let
you know.
Ryotsu!
I was lucky to win the lottery.
It was unfortunate that Ryotsu
was there.
Boss, are you off today?
I've been off since the day after
that.
It's about time to start over.
You must have been in a lot of
shock.
You're overdoing it, too.
Ryotsu, you don't have
to do the shabu-sh
abu.
You have to set it up until 8
o'clock.
The boss is on his way to work.
Good morning.
I'm sorry to bother you.
How much did you spend on the party?
I didn't have any money left.
I'm sorry, but don't talk about
it anymore.
I'm getting hot again.
By the way, boss.
I've been into lottery since then.
What?
It's an American lottery.
What's that?
You choose six numbers from 1 to 5
10.
If they match, you win.
The prize money is 5.
5 billion yen.
5.
5 billion yen!
I know Ryotsu is into
it.
I know that.
But is it that easy?
That's why Ryotsu is
collecting data for the past five years.
He's going to the math teacher to
study the combination of numbers.
He's a hard-working guy.
Hey!
Did you finally come out?
You!
You made a fool of the lottery.
You're going to buy it.
Don't say that.
It's 5.
5 billion yen.
Ryo, I got a notice from overseas.
All right.
I'll keep giving it to you until
I get it.
Boss, would you like to take a bite
of the 5.
5 billion yen dream?
No, I'm fine.
Well, you guys just have to have a
little dream in Japan.
Is it right?
What was the winning number last time?
It's over.
2, 16, 17.
Oh!
So far, it's right.
The next one is 23.
2, 34.
Oh!
It's right!
No.
I'm going to make you happy so
far.
I'm going to disappoint you later.
I knew it.
I chose the 4.
5 curve.
Why didn't you make it 45?
4.
5!
I don't have any money!
4.
5?
Could it be...
45?
It's right.
It's 5.
5 billion yen.
It's right.
Still, the lottery is amazing.
The winning amount is 5.
5 billion yen.
Right, Ryotsu?
No!
What?
What's wrong?
You don't look well.
Did I sleep well?
I have a little fever.
More importantly, how was the lottery?
What do you mean?
You were looking up the winning number of
the lottery, weren't you?
You scared me!
Anyway, why don't we talk about the
cost of the lottery?
Huh?
Well...
The winning number of the lottery is...
We'll change the topic and not talk
about the lottery.
What?
What happened to the lottery, Ryotsu?
That's...
That's not important.
That's not important?
I'm on duty, so please don't
talk to me for a while.
In addition, you suddenly become silent.
Huh?
I don't want to.
I don't talk much.
You got it.
What do you mean?
Don't be stupid.
You got it, didn't you?
What do you mean?
You got the winning number of the lottery,
didn't you?
I don't believe it.
You got it.
The winning number of the lottery is exactly
the same as the number you chose.
Hey, Nakagawa!
You took a note of it, didn't
you?
You're dirty!
Because we're thinking about the past together!
Stop it, Ryo-chan!
You got it, didn't you?
5.
5 billion yen.
It's really...
Huh?
You got it, didn't you?
Yes.
What?
You told me to make a lot of
noise like a foreigner.
You're the representative of the common people.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm going to make a lot of
noise like a foreigner.
Here I go.
Oh, happy day!
I got 5.
5 billion yen!
Give me chocolate!
It's not a good day to get
5.
5 billion yen.
No.
Look.
His legs are completely twisted.
Oh, happy!
I got 5.
5 billion yen!
Give me chocolate!
It's rare to see someone so upset.
You should be happy.
I'll let the media know.
What?
You said you'd let everyone know at
times like this, didn't you, Ryo
zo?
That's right.
I want everyone in Japan to know.
Hello.
This is Hachitsudo in front
of Kameari Park.
This is going to be a big deal
starting tomorrow.
Yes.
Sorry.
Ryozo!
You're popular overnight, Senpai.
Damn!
They're all so greedy.
Look at all these letters.
What?
From Mr. M.
K.
who lives in Chiba.
You've got 5.
5 billion yen to yourself, you bastard.
You don't know how to use the
money anyway.
You should go to hell.
Go away!
But...
Don't mess with me!
Komachi and Naoko Ryo-
sama, will you marry me?
I've always admired you, Ryo-
sama.
Ryo-sama?
Ryo-sama, I thought you'd
do something big someday.
I want to be in love with R
yo-sama soon.
Hey, Komachi.
It's okay, Naoko.
I'm the one who's going to
marry Ryo-sama!
Ryo-chan, until yesterday, you were
the number one man I didn't want
to marry.
Shut up!
If I'm going to marry you, it
's better to throw away 5.
5 billion yen.
What did you say?
You're rude!
Beat!
Hey, Ryo-tsu, do something!
If you don't come out, this panic
won't end!
Both of you!
Hey!
Get out of here!
I still haven't got 5.
5 billion yen, so no comment!
But...
Don't make excuses!
Shut up!
When I get the cash, I'll answer
anything, and I'll tell you how to
use it!
So, everyone, get out of here!
See you!
Bye-bye!
Goodbye!
What?
Okay!
Got it!
What's the matter?
I heard there was a transfer from America.
A transfer of 5.
5 billion yen?
Shut up!
You're too loud!
The media will hear you!
You're not going to tell the media?
Of course not!
Anyway, I'm going to get it.
I'll leave the rest to you.
We're here.
Please come in, Master.
Good work.
Hello, everyone.
How are you doing?
Ryo-tsu, what's that
outfit?
It's a branded item I ordered for
3 million yen.
Master, it's not a branded item, it
's a brand item.
What did you say?
I'm sorry.
Let me introduce you.
This is Sato, who will be working
as my butler from today.
I'm Sato.
I look forward to working with you.
Hello, I'm Nagagawa.
I'm Reiko.
I'm Ohara, the manager.
Come to think of it, Nagagawa
and Reiko have always helped me.
I don't have much, but I'll
take it.
This much?
Can I really take it?
Of course.
Ryo-tsu!
Don't spend so much!
Save up!
Here you go.
This is for the manager.
What is it?
I spent 3 million yen at the party
the other day.
Please take it as an apology.
This much?
Here you go.
Oh, that's right.
Let's do that.
Let's go to the room in the
back with 3 million yen.
Understood.
What is this?
I've always wanted to try it when
I became rich!
I can't stand this view!
Manager, here you go.
You idiot!
You can't do that!
He's rich, isn't he?
It's not too late to save up.
It's not too late?
Ryo-tsu, have you decided
on how to use it?
Yes.
I'll order it on the day I
get it, and it should arrive today.
It seems to have arrived.
What did he order?
He ordered a real combat helicopter!
And it's made of gold!
That's ridiculous!
A real one would cost more than 100
million yen!
Ha ha ha!
Are you surprised?
Of course, you can't buy a real
one.
This is a 1 in 1 scale Rad
icon helicopter.
It looks just like the real one.
And it's a gold-plated
model.
It costs at least 50 million yen!
Ha ha ha!
That's crazy.
Manager!
Have you loaded it?
Yes, I have.
All right!
Let's fly for the first time!
Welcome aboard.
It's really flying.
Senpai, what are you planning to do?
I can't stand it!
It looks like it's flying on a
real helicopter!
If it's going to cost 5.
5 billion yen, it's better for me
to save up than to donate.
All right!
Let's scatter it in the park.
Ha ha ha!
Huh?
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Dear citizens of Chodai!
I, Yotsu Kankichi, have
donated 5.
5 billion yen!
It's a pleasure for me to be
the only one to enjoy this honor, so
I'll share it with you!
Whoa!
Here you go!
These are the treasured goods.
What a big pile.
They spread these out all over the place.
Those are the remaining 5-billion
yen worth of money, sir.
5...
5-billion yen?
Ha ha ha!
This is amazing!
Ha ha ha ha!
And there's some of this, too!
It's so much fun!
So much fun!
And I've got this, too!
This, too.
And take this with you!
Oh, no...
The prop...
Without the prop, the pilot...
My helicopter...
My 5 billion yen helicopter!
What about my deposit?
Ryo, we're in big trouble!
The U.
S.
Federal Reserve is going to take 30%
of the lottery!
Huh?
They want us to pay 35% of
the 5 billion yen as taxes!
Huh?
35% of the 5 billion yen?
16.
5 billion yen?
Click.
I made 15 billion yen, and I used
it all up in no time.
And now I have to pay 16.
5 billion yen in taxes.
What a stupid book.
Welcome, welcome!
It's snowing in the middle of
summer!
On hot days, we have shaved ice!
Ryo's specialty, Alaska straight milk!
We don't need any extra shaved ice!
Next time, Shaved Ice!
Don't miss it!
Shaved Ice Let's smile
No matter what happens Let's smile cut
ely Let's make a serious face and
go out Hey, smile for me You're
a star Hey, smile for me Keep up
the good work Yeah Always smile A woman
with a black face isn't pretty So
you should smile right away Because you're
not a child